For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. (Bill Bryson) If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. (Robert Sewell) As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs. (Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949) Microsoft has a new version out, Windows XP, which according to everybody is the ‘most reliable Windows ever.’ To me, this is like saying that asparagus is ‘the most articulate vegetable ever.’ (Dave Barry) It is not about bits, bytes and protocols, but profits, losses and margins. (Lou Gerstner)

There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson) If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) Every operating system out there is about equal… We all suck. (Microsoft senior vice president Brian Valentine describing the state of the art in OS security, 2003) Good code is its own best documentation. (Steve McConnell) That’s what’s cool about working with computers. They don’t argue, they remember everything, and they don’t drink all your beer. (Paul Leary)

Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. (Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering) The city’s central computer told you? R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! (C3PO) The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. (Seymour Cray) The bulk of all patents are crap. Spending time reading them is stupid. It’s up to the patent owner to do so, and to enforce them. (Linus Torvalds)